Duke Basketball: Will Rasheed Sulaimon Be a Star or Just Another Role Player? === Shortly after the Duke Blue Devils' 2012-13 season came to an abrupt end at the hands of the Louisville Cardinals in the NCAA tournament, the lasting image of a deeply emotional Rasheed Sulaimon in the Blue Devils' locker room illustrated how important the ...
Mitch Albom flashback: Michigan's victimized by Devil's Night in 1992 NCAA title game === End of chapter. The story continues. This was no funeral, this 71-51 title-game loss to the defending champions of college basketball, the Duke Blue Devils, who showed the world in the second half how to get the most from an exhausted yet ...
College Football Nation: Duke Blue Devils === Kurt Roper has several titles for Duke: He is the assistant head coach, the offensive coordinator, and the quarterbacks coach. He joined Duke in January, 2008, and was promoted to assistant head coach this past February. Last year, Roper guided Duke’s ...
Louisville tops Duke, earns trip to Final Four after Ware inspires === Louisville Cardinals guard Peyton Siva (3) shoots against Duke Blue Devils forward Ryan Kelly (34) in the first half during the finals of the Midwest regional of the 2013 NCAA tournament at Lucas Oil Stadium. (Photo: Jamie Rhodes, USA TODAY ...
Duke tangles with Louisville in Midwest Regional final === Indianapolis, IN (Sports Network) - Two iconic coaches meet in the Elite Eight, as Mike Krzyzewski's Duke Blue Devils take on Rick Pitino's Louisville Cardinals in the Midwest Regional final at Lucas Oil Stadium on Sunday. The winner advances to the Final ...
Duke Tops Michigan State 71-61: Seth Curry Leads Blue Devils Past Spartans === INDIANAPOLIS -- Mike Krzyzewski already holds the NCAA record for most wins by a coach. Thanks to Seth Curry's big scoring night, Krzyzewski could finish the weekend by tying one of John Wooden's records. Curry scored 29 points, tied the school ...
Skylar Diggins leads Notre Dame past Duke, to Final Four === Notre Dame Fighting Irish guard Skylar Diggins shoots the ball as Duke Blue Devils guard Alexis Jones defends during the first half at Ted Constant Convocation Center. (Photo: Geoff Burke, USA TODAY Sports) NORFOLK, Va. (AP) — Skylar Diggins ...
In 2013-14, Duke Blue Devils will be smaller, more athletic === tool goes here INDIANAPOLIS The Blue Devils had already had their NCAA-mandated, 10-minute cooling-off period, giving them time to absorb the reality of their season-ending loss, but Rasheed Sulaimon was still visibility upset wh ... Few people are more ...
Duke Continues ACC Play Saturday at Boston College === Sixth-ranked Duke (9-2, 2-2 ACC) visits Boston College (5-6, 2-2 ACC) in its third consecutive ACC contest Saturday, Apr. 6 at 1 p.m. in Newton, Mass. … The Blue Devils have won three straight road contests entering the weekend matchup and are ...
Curry's hot shooting propels Duke to Elite Eight === INDIANAPOLIS -- Defensive toughness, offensive productivity, combined with senior Seth Curry finding his hot shooting hand all made a nice combination for the Duke Blue Devils' 10-point, Sweet Sixteen win Friday evening over Big Ten foe Michigan ...
Duke Blue Devils === As you probably know, we have a long-standing tradition here of an April Fool’s joke (our most recent one appears destined to live for a while). Still, we know greatness when we see it, and these guys were absolute masters of pranking. How masterful?
Louisville Cardinals vs Duke Blue Devils Live Stream Free: Watch Online NCAA 2013 March Madness Elite 8 College Basketball (TV Schedule) === Louisville Cardinals vs Duke Blue Devils takes place in the NCAA 2013 tournament on Sunday in the final if the Elite 8 March Madness games taking place over this Easter weekend. The game is scheduled to tip off at 5.05 p.m. ET and can be watched ...
Duke women run out of steam against Irish onslaught in Elite Eight === When Skylar Diggins and the Notre Dame Fighing Irish got hot offensively in the second half, the Duke Blue Devils were in trouble. Diggins finished with a game-high 24 points and nine assists to lead the top-seeded Irish to an 87-76 victory over the No. 2 ...
Devils coming to terms with Louisville's greatness === Coach Mike Krzyzewski and his Duke Blue Devils might beg to differ. For 24 minutes Sunday, they did everything they could to fight, claw and will themselves into position to beat the Cardinals and earn their first Final Four trip since winning ...
Nebraska-Duke Preview === The Blue Devils have lost three straight regional finals and are determined to not make it four in a row. Second-seeded Duke (32-2) plays sixth-seeded Nebraska (25-8) on Sunday in the Norfolk Regional semifinals. And if the Blue Devils beat the Cornhuskers ...
ACC Insider - Asterisk or no, ACC can begin the hype === Even if it involves the convenient use of an asterisk. It’s a subject Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski addressed in Indianapolis last week, 24 hours before his current league member Blue Devils were beaten by future conference rival Louisville in ...
Curry's hot shooting propels Duke to Elite Eight === INDIANAPOLIS -- Defensive toughness, offensive productivity, combined with senior Seth Curry finding his hot shooting hand all made a nice combination for the Duke Blue Devils' 10-point, Sweet Sixteen win Friday evening over Big Ten foe Michigan ...
Duke Blue Devils === As you probably know, we have a long-standing tradition here of an April Fool’s joke (our most recent one appears destined to live for a while). Still, we know greatness when we see it, and these guys were absolute masters of pranking. How masterful?
Louisville Cardinals vs Duke Blue Devils Live Stream Free: Watch Online NCAA 2013 March Madness Elite 8 College Basketball (TV Schedule) === Louisville Cardinals vs Duke Blue Devils takes place in the NCAA 2013 tournament on Sunday in the final if the Elite 8 March Madness games taking place over this Easter weekend. The game is scheduled to tip off at 5.05 p.m. ET and can be watched ...
Duke women run out of steam against Irish onslaught in Elite Eight === When Skylar Diggins and the Notre Dame Fighing Irish got hot offensively in the second half, the Duke Blue Devils were in trouble. Diggins finished with a game-high 24 points and nine assists to lead the top-seeded Irish to an 87-76 victory over the No. 2 ...
Devils coming to terms with Louisville's greatness === Coach Mike Krzyzewski and his Duke Blue Devils might beg to differ. For 24 minutes Sunday, they did everything they could to fight, claw and will themselves into position to beat the Cardinals and earn their first Final Four trip since winning ...
Nebraska-Duke Preview === The Blue Devils have lost three straight regional finals and are determined to not make it four in a row. Second-seeded Duke (32-2) plays sixth-seeded Nebraska (25-8) on Sunday in the Norfolk Regional semifinals. And if the Blue Devils beat the Cornhuskers ...
Irish women a big challenge for Duke === This is the third straight year a second-seeded Duke team has met a top seed in the regional finals of the NCAA women's basketball tournament. No one expects the Blue Devils to have more luck against Notre Dame on Tuesday night in Norfolk ...
McCallie prepares Duke to continue along road to Final Four === The second-seeded Duke Blue Devils have taken the trip to the NCAA Women’s Basketball Tournament Regional many times – 15 times in the last 16 years to be exact. As they held one more practice on Friday morning at the Michael W. Krzyzewski Center ...
NCAA Tournament Picks: Duke Blue Devils vs. Louisville Cardinals === Duke defeated No. 3 seed Michigan State 71-61 as two-point neutral-site favorites in the Sweet 16 of the 2013 NCAA Tournament, while going UNDER the total for the third consecutive contest. The Blue Devils have won all 16 of their games against non ...
Observations: Duke Blue Devils 71, Michigan State 61 === • Seth Curry made 4 of 9 shots and scored 14 points in the first half, but one of his misses was highly controversial on the Duke bench. Midway through the period, Curry let a jumper go from the paint. The ball was close to heading down – or ...
2013 NCAA Tournament: No. 2 Duke Blue Devils Offense A No Show In Elite Eight === After being the champions of the AFC West for five out of six years from 2004 to 2009, the San Diego Chargers have painfully watched their division rivals take what they thought would be theirs for the past three seasons. Fans are tired of ...
Duke's Braxton Deaver big boost to offense === Enlarge Cal Sport Media/AP PhotoTight end Braxton Deaver last played for the Duke Blue Devils during the 2011 season. In December 2011, Deaver tore his ACL. He went through the rehab, missed all of last spring, came back strong, and then broke ...
Duke sweeps No. 19 Clemson in ACC play, head coach captures 100th win === CLEMSON, S.C. – Ninth-ranked Duke men’s tennis team captured six consecutive set victories in singles, leading to a 7-0 sweep against Clemson on Friday at the Hoke Sloan Tennis Center. The Blue Devils improved to 17-4 on the season and 5-1 in Atlantic ...
Duke Blue Devils Vs. Michigan State Spartans: Watch Live Stream Of NCAA Basketball Tournament Sweet 16 Online For Free; Preview === Before you watch the live stream of Duke versus Michigan State, here is a preview of Friday's matchup. Per STATS LLC, the win makes the Spartans just the second team to make the Sweet 16 in five out of the last six years, joining this season's ...
